feature: added sprint planning workflow (#49)
theartofeducation/engineering-docs: docs/sprint-planning.md

---
id: sprint-planning
title: Sprint Planning
slug: /sprint-planning
---

1. Go to the "Stories" page in Shortcut
1. Go to the "Needs Iteration" Space
1. Assign the current Iteration to any Story that does not have an Interation and is in progress
1. Go to the "Needs Points" Space
1. Assign Points to any Stories that are unestimated
1. Go to the "Everything" Space
1. Uncheck the "No Iteration" Filter

> 1. Go through each Column starting with "Acceptance", discuss the status of each Story, and take action if needed

Reviewer: does this mean "go through each column from right-to-left"?

Author: Yes, do you feel that needs clariication?

Reviewer: i think so, maybe
> Go through each Column from right to left (starting with "Acceptance") ...

> 1. Go through each Column starting with "Acceptance", discuss the status of each Story, and take action if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go through each Column from right to left starting with "Acceptance", discuss the status of each Story, and take action if needed
```

1. If any Story in the "Ready For Development" Column will not be started during the current Iteration move them to the next Iteration
1. Go to the "Reports" page
1. Look at the last 3 months to determine the team's average velocity
1. Go back to the "Everything" Space on the "Stories" page
1. Review and assign WordPress Legacy work that needs to be prioritized for the next Iteration

> 1. Go to the "Milestone" page for each team

Reviewer 2: ❓ This is a little bit confusing to me. Would we look at each epic within the milestone?

Author: You shouldn't have to go into each epic. The team for that project should know what they need to work on next and assign that.

Author: Let me know how I can add clarification if needed.

> 1. Go to the "Milestone" page for each team

Reviewer: by "each team" do you mean Software & Product?

Author: No, I mean each software team. Right now "Product Activation" and "Marketplace".

Reviewer: ah ok, then maybe something like
> Go to the page for each Milestone that's in progress

?

> 1. Go to the "Milestone" page for each team

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the "Milestone" page for each Milestone that's in progress
```
